What does grandma hurt?
Grandma, grandma is not in good spirits today, so I notified the past again.
Come back next time.
Although Mrs. Tang didn't finish her granddaughter's full name
But it has been confirmed that it is not Song Wu
Song Wu was indeed an impostor
If you don't believe me, I have to tell someone quickly
Cheers mom
Hey, hey, hey, mom.
Have a drink
Ok ok ok ok hey
In-laws!
Look at the two children.
How sensible!
In-laws, you educate well.
Hahaha, in-law mother?
You don't know
This Liancheng team's little five?
Better than my own mother
Ah yes, mom, the early morning is very nice to me.
Never scolded me or let me work
Han Chen, you are good to Xiaowu
You are very nice
Small five size is bitter
It's a lot to suffer
This is what I should do.
You have to work hard in the early morning.
Help your mother-in-law take good care of the company in the future
Don't worry, two mothers.
I, Sun Liancheng, will definitely work hard in the future
Will do well
Mom, when will the company in Tianhai let Liancheng go?
Can you arrange it today?
Okay, I'll arrange it today.
What's the position?
Manager?
Is the general manager okay?
He was so nice to you.
Our family can't treat him badly, right?
Ok hahaha